STLs/Probe mounts/Beacon/README.md, before:

Use a drop of Blue loctite on the screws holding the Beacon onto the duct.

Beacon Sensor needs to be between 2mm and 2.6mm from the nozzle tip. So you will have to print your scalable fan duct spacer/standoffs with the correct heigh depending on your hotend
<img width="1062" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/219794565-2839fb28-6966-4a29-ba44-c32ee03703d1.png">

### Please note that if you use a 5015 Fan, you need the included modified upper duct that will clear the Beacon connector here
<img width="752" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/226363593-1075ba5f-62ea-4ff8-91f6-978f5eeea552.png">

## Below are the lenght of spacers to print according to hotend. BUT, it is always best to measure with your current setup because nozzle sizes may/will be different than the cad version depending on the brand/type used. 

```diff
-(Those measurement are for VzBoT. For RatRig, substract 4.15mm)
```

| Hotend | Spacer lenght  |
| ------ | ----           |
|Goliath long version (Goliath with it's heatsink)| 23.15mm |
|Goliath Short version (Goliath without heatsink)| 8mm |
|Rapido HF|  8mm|
|Rapido UHF| 16.5mm |
|Dragon with crazy NV volcano| 8mm |
|Magnum+| 20mm |

<img width="1071" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/219797821-8ba91ed2-f33f-4504-8bbd-16ef6ae75e28.png">

## Probe Offset:
VzBoT: X:0 Y:27.065      
RatRig: X:0 Y: 24.70
<img width="1000" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/224376420-58690848-4506-4d61-a6f3-0e9b339eb747.png">

Commit message:

fan duct beacon probe updated
Removed the outdated version of the .stl file and clarified the instructions for better understanding.

STLs/Probe mounts/Beacon/README.md, after:

## Files:
- [fan duct lower Goliath short with beacon](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/Vz-Printhead-Printed/blob/8fa5f25dd6bafc665b5bc46ed185c3017a9f3841/STLs/Probe%20mounts/Beacon/Goliath%20short%20duct%20Beacon.stl)
- [spacer](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/Vz-Printhead-CNC/blob/3bfdcdb40dfe074a3cc3786f3ffca8f56e27c0d0/STLs/fan%20duct%20lower%20Goliath%20spacers.stl)

## Instructions:
Use a drop of Blue loctite on the screws holding the Beacon onto the duct.

Beacon Sensor needs to be between 2mm and 2.6mm from the nozzle tip. So you will have to print your scalable fan duct spacer/standoffs with the correct heigh depending on your hotend
<img width="1062" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/219794565-2839fb28-6966-4a29-ba44-c32ee03703d1.png">

### Please note that if you use a 5015 Fan, you need the included modified upper duct that will clear the Beacon connector here
<img width="752" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/226363593-1075ba5f-62ea-4ff8-91f6-978f5eeea552.png">

Below are the **lengths of spacers** to print according to the hotend.  
⚠️ **Important:** It is always best to **measure with your current setup**, as nozzle sizes may/will differ from the CAD version depending on the **brand/type used**.

```diff
-(Those measurement are for VzBoT. For RatRig, substract 4.15mm)
```

| Hotend | Spacer lenght  |
| ------ | ----           |
|Goliath long version (Goliath with it's heatsink)| 23.15mm |
|Goliath Short version (Goliath without heatsink)| 8mm |
|Rapido HF|  8mm|
|Rapido UHF| 16.5mm |
|Dragon with crazy NV volcano| 8mm |
|Magnum+| 20mm |

<img width="1071" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/219797821-8ba91ed2-f33f-4504-8bbd-16ef6ae75e28.png">

## Probe Offset:
VzBoT: X:0 Y:27.065      
RatRig: X:0 Y: 24.70
<img width="1000" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/37383368/224376420-58690848-4506-4d61-a6f3-0e9b339eb747.png">
